Add Avivator Component (#241)
hubmapconsortium/vitessce-image-viewer: docs/SAMPLES.md

> Here are two snippets to help get you started with our higher-level viewer components. For a more complete example of using these higher level components, look at the source code for `Avivator` [here](https://github.com/hms-dbmi/viv/blob/master/avivator/src/Avivator.js), or look at the source code of the library [here](https://github.com/hms-dbmi/viv/tree/master/src) for building your own components with custom `VivViews` or custom `deck.gl` layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are two snippets to help get you started with our higher-level viewer components. More comprehensive usage of the higher-level components can be found in the `Avivator` [source](https://github.com/hms-dbmi/viv/blob/master/avivator/src/Avivator.js). Otherwise please look at Viv's [source](https://github.com/hms-dbmi/viv/tree/master/src) for building your own components with custom `VivViews` or custom `Deck.gl` layers.
```
